We are gonna do Pet.JSX now,
pretty short little component here.
You can see it's very upset at the moment.
Changes from pet.JSX to pet.TSX, please.
We're gonna make an interface up
here of IProps, and we're gonna.
Yeah, we're just gonna give
it a name: string, animal.
I guess this could be an animal
that we get from the pets type.
So let's, let's do that.
That's fun.
Breed: string.
There's a temptation here and there's a
valid reason that you could probably just
say here that the props here
is actually a pet, right?
'Cuz we already typed that.
But the thing is, this actually doesn't
need everything that's in a pet.
And so, if you tell that this is
definitely gonna be a pet, that means
you're gonna have to start dividing into
props that it's not gonna use anyway.
So I don't care for that, so
I'm not going to do that.
But I respect your ability
to be wrong about things,
so you know do what you wanna do.
That's a joke, yeah, there's valid
reasons to do it that way as well
ID number And
then here we're just gonna
say that props are IProps.
And you can see that's enough for
it to be like okay, I got it.
I got everything I need to do now.
So in previous versions of this course,
I had taught making Pet
a function component like this.
Like that, and
you give it IProps like that.
You can totally do it this way.
I'm just following the lead basically
of the Create React app TypeScript
starter project which is maintained
by the creators of React.
Let's just go take a look
there's a link down here
why I linked to the actual,
Where is it error?
We just did Pet, right?
Pet under type script.
We missed error boundary.
We'll go back and
do that in just a second.
You can do here a click here, and you can
see this issue here where they describe
why they recommend not doing FC, which
stands for functional component here.
It's a bit more stricter about some things
as it's less strict about other things.
It's kind of up to you how
you wanna handle this, but
I don't really have a whole I don't really
care to be totally honest with you.
Either one of those is really valid up.
So, I mean, at the end of the day,
if you do it this way,
which is less typing, which is nice.
If you mouse over this, you can see that
it's a props that returns a JSX element.
That's exactly what we want.
It's fine being simple this way.
I'll leave it to your discretion
of how you wanna handle that.
Okay, any questions about pet?
That was a pretty straightforward one.
We just had identify the props,
and it was good after that.
Let's go do ErrorBoundary.
ErrorBoundary, which is here, we're gonna
rename that to be ErrorBoundary.TSX.
Okay, we're gonna import ErrorInfo
up here, and ReactElement.
Class, AirborneBoundary,
extends, component.
You can do IProps again here, or you can
actually just put it directly in here.
So I just wanted to show you
both ways of doing this.
children: ReactElement.
Okay, and then error here.
Error is an error And info
is ErrorInfo EverInfo,
like that, Okay,
that's it, that's all you need to do.
That one's pretty straightforward, right?
Just identify what kinda props it's taking
in, and then with these methods here,
you kinda have to identify what parameters
you're gonna expect to see in there,
Okay?
So, we just did carousel, we did Pet,
let's go do all the fetches.
So let's start with fetchPet.js.
You can make that fetchPet.ts.
So first thing up here, we're going to
import a query function from Tan Stack.
This is gonna be a type that comes from
Tan Stack Query, and we're just gonna
identify specifically that we think
fetchPet is a query function, okay?
And that it gives you
back a PetAPI response,
which we're gonna get here
from API responses types,
And that we expect the query key
to be details and then a string.
So, the first thing here is
what we expect to get back.
The second thing here is what
we expect the key to be.
What I find really cool about
this is now if we try and
go call fetchPet somewhere else
without the correct kind of query key,
it's gonna say like, hey, you told me
that this is what you expected here.
This is not what I'm seeing,
please do it that way.
And we also have to validate here
that this ID is gonna be a string.
We've said here, this is definitely
gonna be a string and so we try and
call it later without a string.
It's gonna be like, no, I'm not gonna let
you do that, you have to do it this way.
That was pretty straightforward, hopefully
Let's go and do fetchSearch.
We're gonna change that to .ts And
we're gonna see, it's gonna look pretty,
similar I think.
Import QueryFunction from
@tanstack/react-query.
This is going to be a query function.
It's gonna get back a PetAPI response,
and it takes in a First
thing is gonna be search.
And after that it takes in an object.
And that object is gonna
have in it location,
which is gonna be a string:Animal,
which is gonna be an animal technically
And a breed which is gonna be
a string What did I miss up here?
QueryFunction, Pet Response, search.
Let me get this on multiple lines cuz
I'm having a hard time parsing this.
Async function, you do have to kind of,
yeah, okay, sorry.
So I'm going to refactor
this a const fetch
Equals that.
I'm making this into an arrow function
cuz the types look a lot better.
You can still type it the other way, but
this is just a little bit easier for
me to read like this.
And we're is still exporting
a fetchSearch here at the bottom, but
I had this as like an async function.
This just typed a little bit
easier to do it the other way.
Okay, we're still having
an await issue here.
Do I not have this as an async function?
You do have to have this as
an async function, there we go